no escalator brushes aren't there to
clean your shoes these bristles mark the
edges of the steps if you stand too
close to the edge your shoelaces or
loose hanging clothes could be dragged
into the gap between the stairs and the
wall whew
we instinctively step back when we feel
the brush touch our leg the extra pocket
on the right side of a suit jacket is
called the ticket pocket first they were
used to store coins for people on
horseback to pay toll booths without
having to open their jackets
then when train travel became popular
they held tickets and passes for easy
access as for the left chest pocket it
was used to store handkerchiefs keeping
them away from the other cluttered and
dirty pockets the hole in a pen cap is
there in case the thing gets swallowed
it allows air to flow through Lego heads
have holes in them for the same reason
go look at your bathroom sink really see
the hole up near the rim it's there to
prevent overflows excess water goes into
the siphon and your floor stays dry in
case you forgot to shut the water off it
also helps your sink drain faster
instead of glugging down slowly as it
fights air resistance the hole gives
that air somewhere to escape there's a
special oval-shaped compartment under
the flap of the tic-tac container it's
supposed to make it easier to attract
one little mint at a time well if you
still like the idea of having a handful
of them I can't blame you what side of
your car is the gas tank on well it may
be a tricky question if you're driving a
rented vehicle or some brand new wheels
but just look at the little gas pump on
your dashboard fuel indicator the little
arrow points to which side the tank is
on holes and - black coffee stirring
sticks help reduce resistance from the
liquid so they can stir the sugar more
efficiently and we're thankful for that
this design also makes the plastic stick
sturdier and protects it from bending in
hot water
manufacturers save money by using less
plastic when the thing is hollow the
microwave door looks completely black
when it's off but when you're heating up
your food you can see through it look
closely it's not just a black glass it's
a special mesh against regular glass
this protective metal screen keeps the
microwave energy inside dimples on the
surface of a golf ball make it look
cuter now actually the dimples increase
its lift and reduce air resistance
meaning a ball can go further with them
in my case it goes further into the
trees and pods these dimples don't have
to be spherical they can be hexagonal or
any other shape but choose carefully the
slightest change in form or depth can
really affect the balls performance the
doors of toilet stalls don't reach the
floor yeah so you know when it's
occupied but these gaps are also there
for emergency access in case the person
inside needs immediate medical help the
gap is also good for ventilation well I
don't know sometimes it's better to keep
things to yourself you know what I mean
coins were given ribbed edges to stop
people from shaving off parts of them to
make whole new coins the ridges make it
obvious when a coin has been tampered
with now look at the metal part on a
staplers bottom
turns out this small plate can be
rotated 180 degrees after that the
stapler will bend the pins of the
staples outward this makes more
temporary staples that are much easier
to remove the picture on UK coins seem
incomplete and random because they all
make a puzzle if you put together all
the denominations from the one penny to
the fifty pence you'll see the Royal
shield airplane windows have holes in
them to keep from shattering from air
pressure differences but only some of
them the window has three layers of
glass the outer pane is made from a
sturdy material that can withstand air
pressure differences during takeoff and
landing the inner panel is made of
cheaper material and prevents potential
damage to the window the hole in the
middle pane balances that air flow it
also keeps the windows from fogging up
almost every padlock has a tiny
mysterious hole near the turn keyhole
it's there so water can drain out after
a rainy day also if your lock got jammed
the right way to lubricate it is through
this hall those little buttons they're
actually called rivets on jeans were
originally put there to keep the seam
from ripping jeans back then were worn
mostly by miners and other laborers who
put their pockets under a lot of daily
wear and tear we don't put our pockets
under such stress these days but the
tradition of rivets stuck around and no
it's not true that the rivets were named
in honor of the frogs the California
prospectors found while panning for gold
most of the buttonholes on a shirt are
vertical but the top and sometimes
bottom are horizontal the reason is
simple these two slip up more often than
the other buttons so the horizontal
buttonhole can stop your garment from
popping open like the lid on a cheap
suitcase next time you're struggling to
peel off that tiny foil cover on a tube
of ointment or cream look at the top of
the cap it normally has a spike on it
for this exact purpose every toothpick
comes with its own handy little holder
just break off the top put it on the
table and place your toothpick between
the notches pointy end up now it won't
touch the table and get all dirty you
can do the same thing with disposable
chopsticks break off the top piece
before you pull them apart
a typical box cutter has lines on its
blade these lines show where the blade
can be broken if it gets dull when doing
this use the removable sleeve on the
backside it's safer this way for when
your butter is too hard to cut put a
glass of water in the microwave for a
minute or so test the glass so it's not
too hot take it out and pour out the
water put the warm glass over the butter
it'll soften up in no time
coconut oil isn't just useful in the
kitchen more for making hair masks you
can also use it to get chewing gum out
of your hair if your pants zipper is
stuck or your door hinges squeak you can
use coconut oil as a substitute for
wd-40 you can also polish cutlery and
leather with it
toothpaste can clean silver as well just
apply a small amount on your jewelry and
rub it with an old toothbrush when
you're done your silver will shine again
and there will be no cavities or bad
breath to get rid of pungent odors in
your fridge use coffee grounds put them
in the fridge and they'll absorb the
smell the same will work with your hands
after peeling onions or garlic a cotton
pad has different textures on each side
for different uses the pattern side is
for removing nail polish and the softer
side is for face cleansing the textured
side is also good for skin exfoliation
when applying toners sometimes you need
to use a screwdriver at an uncomfortable
angle with the screwdrivers handle in
the hole of a wrench and turn it this
will increase the torque and make the
job much easier
if you like takeout meals you probably
have a whole collection of tiny soy
sauce packets
don't let them lie around in your fridge
completely useless free of them their
perfect little ice pack for small
injuries look closely at the overhead
tramlines
you'll see it's contact wires run in a
zigzag path and not in a straight line
it's made to extend the life of the
current collector which is mounted on
the top of the its upper part
contacts with the wire and wears out
with use when a wire is laid with a
small zigzag this collector wears down
evenly over the entire width of the
runner the ice cream cone was invented
accidentally one sunny day a vendor ran
out of glass cups to serve his frozen
treat in luckily there was a waffle
booth right next to him so he decided to
put the desert in the rolled waffles and
now your ice cream holder is deliciously
edible as well